Title
: Bayesian Shrinkage for Dynamic Models: A Flexible Method to Handle Smooth and Sharp Changes in Parameters over Time

**Abstract**
Political science processes are rarely constant over time, and often marked by many periods of relative stability and a few periods of massive changes.
Researchers have generally handled this problem by estimating structural break or change point models that assume only a small number of non-zero changes in the parameter(s) of interest.
However, these methods have difficulty handling cases in which the number of change-points is unknown and may lead to misleading inference if the underlying process is actually one of constant change.
The choice betweeen smoothing and change-point methods in modeling parameter change in analagous to the choice between variable selection and regularization methods.

This paper adopts a regularization approach to modeling parameter change over time.
The 

This approach has several advantages
1. that this method does not require the researcher to specify ex ante the number of structural breaks.
The level of sparsity in the parameter changes, analagous to the number of change points, can be estimated from the data.
2. Unlike change-point approaches the focues is on modeling the distribution of the parameter changes which is generally of greater substantive interest to the researcher.
3. This method is computationally efficient.
Since the shrinkage priors used are mixtures of normal distributions, the model is a conditional dynamic linear model and can use the efficient samplers developed for those.
An efficient implementation of the method in Stan which makes use of the forward-filter backward-sample to sample the latent states and HMC to sample the other parameters is provided.
4. This method is flexible.
The class of dynamic linear models includes time-series model, smoothing splines and regressions.
It is feasible to estimate time-varying means, 

Examples to which this method is applied include the Israel-Palestine conflict, presidential approval ratings, and international relations theories which assume a structural break at the end of the Cold War.

What is required to model
structural breaks is a distribution which shrinks small values towards
0, but has tails heavy enough to allow for large values, which will be
the “changepoints”. Although there are many distributions used in
Bayesian shrinkage and variable selection, this paper will use the
recently introduced horseshoe prior distribution.  The horseshoe prior
distribution is a mixture of normal distributions that although
continuous, behaves similarly to a spike and slab distribution. Thus
changepoints can be estimated by assigning epsilon a horseshoe prior
distribution; the changepoints simply points with large values of
epsilon. Identifying changepoints is facilitated by a feature of
the horseshoe prior distribution; it produces a quantity which can be
interpreted as the probability that the parameter is non-zero in a
mixture model.  Note 

This method has many appealing features.  It is flexible; it can be
used to model any continuous parameter, as well as changes in slope
and higher level derivatives in addition to level changes in the
parameters. It is simple to implement, requiring only a few lines of
code in general purpose Bayesian software, such as BUGS or Stan. It is
also computationally efficient in many cases.  Since the horseshoe
distribution is a mixture of normal distributions, Kalman-like filters
can be used in its estimation. In short, this method is simple and
flexible alternative approach to identifying and estimating
structural breaks.
