This paper proposes a new, flexible Bayesian method to estimate time-varying parameters that may include change-points. It does so by combining dynamic linear models (DLMs) with heavy-tailed, sparsity-inducing, Bayesian shrinkage distributions. This method differs from most approaches to estimating change-points. Instead of trying to simultaneously estimate the number and locations of breaks, this method directly models the distribution of the changes in the parameter. Time-varying parameter models imply a distribution over the changes in the parameter. In linear dynamic models, the change is distributed normal, which serves to smooth the parameter over time. In change-point models, the change is given a discrete mixture distribution that includes a point mass on zero, i.e. spike and slab distribution. 

Change-point estimation can be easily incorporated into time-varying parameter models by treating the estimation of parameter changes as a shrinkage problem. What is required to model change points is a distribution which shrinks small values towards zero, but has tails heavy enough to allow for large changes. This paper will evaluate several recently proposed shrinkage distributions, such as the horseshoe prior, which although continuous behave similarly to a spike and slab distribution. This method has many appealing features. Importantly, this method does not require the researcher ex ante to specify the number of change points. The level of sparsity can be estimated from the data, and the method can adapt to varying levels of sparsity from smoothly varying parameter to parameters with only a few changes. It is flexible; it can be used to model any continuous parameter that can be fit into a dynamic linear model. It is also computationally efficient in many cases. The shrinkage prior distributions are scale-mixtures of Gaussian distributions, and thus efficient estimation methods developed for dynamic linear models can still be used. This paper provides an implementation in Stan that uses a forward-filter backwards-sample to sample from the latent states in the DLM while using Stan's default Hamiltonian Monte Carlo to sample the other parameters.

<!--  LocalWords:  DLMs DLM
 -->
